before we begin let me start by saying I
don't mean to cut on somebody's hard
work and I don't want to sound like a
bandwagon hater but I could have guzzled
bantha milk and burped a better script
the stalls of our movie today
ah PO Wraith in solo lady Oh play our
story begins with bad acting we'll first
some scrolling backstory text to let us
know what we're looking at miss some
stormtroopers looking a little tipsy and
like they could have had a v-8 been some
bad acting we're just all they want to
be on the Indiana Jones reject set hi
damn foe in the Droid that's original
facepalm I think that's supposed to be
scary
then obut gone that was fast
his paw was smaller than kylo resin
stormtrooper sad better quick stare down
to see whose helmet blinks first BB
rolls off with the info while the
captive is taken to the ship and what
you ain't read the Job Description
but you can't be any geek off the street
you gotta be handy with the steel if you
know what I mean earn your keep skip to
sandpeople lady who seriously pisses me
off with this I'm so thirsty let me
waste these last few drops bullsh
she also happens to be the captain of
the 2021 tokyo olympics jakku national
bobsled team it's like Cool Runnings but
hot hot runnings
she is also a dumpster diver who drives
a hoopty Oh yummy it's the Dino turd
just add water and she enjoys her picnic
outside her double-wide atat who should
roll up but bb-8 convenient I know and
she's like well now say 2/3 south and
this right here will hook you up with
i-40 East if you turn right they'll take
you to Amarillo Flagstaff California and
if you head back that direction you'll
find a whole lot of nothing all the way
to Canada do you want to follow me bit
fine come on well son it's like this
script was written by a teenage girl I'm
surprised they don't and ever since then
bro I'll break you out bro yeah bro then
they
like this HOD he literally said switch
weapons on the right aim with the left
and they like it's complicated it sounds
about as complicated as a chicken cheese
slot machine that's it illegal child
gambling you know I could see how both
chucky cheese and this movie might
appeal to children my name is Finn
as in Finn noggin dude bro yeah bro
my name is Paul bro as in tinky winky
dipsy laa-laa po po bro yeah bro nice to
meet you tinky-winky bro didn't a bunch
of irrelevant screwball comedy bullsh
long story short
Finn Poe and Ray all become Bros and
Bros don't hold hands you and now dis
burns him to get the Falcon into this
movie as quickly as possible because
they need to get you on a statue juice
is flowing because God knows the story
wasn't good enough to get you up some
theater seats because you've already
seen it in 1977 and once again I'm
feeling like this is something that
would have impressed the four year old
me but the grown man me is just looking
at this pile like this so the junk out
baby and her bro fly the big bird to
safety and they get slurped up by han
and chewie space barge now this is the
face of a man who knows this franchise
is going straight into the [ __ ] and
he's just here to get one last big fat
check before his character gets stabbed
in the titty like a chump so he can get
the [ __ ] out you own solo I used to be I
changed my name now I'm foot duo you
know leg yeah I knew Luke and I knew a
sister this movies too damn long
damn it and a bunch of boost anchors to
do with the plot blah blah blah blah
this is a mistake huge this movie in the
sentence then Finn gets hauled off by
the Kraken in all these years you ain't
never used Chuy's bow caster
all the times you two been up creek
without a paddle and you never had to
bust a bolt in somebody's career Paul's
bare back y'all some stink lemur cat got
in the little box and left a little Popo
damron sorry false alarm
I'll just smell this movie you must soon
stab your daddy in the titty I will do
the job
you don't deserve to sound like a man
good and don't you dare say a word about
my child but crackhead lost our short
emo girly man worshipped mr. buck mckeon
emo girl a man must kill Pappy to obtain
droid who contains map to uncle Lukie
Pappy Han possesses incomplete map to
uncle Lukie and he tells the story of
one failure of a sperm emission who
single-handedly undid all the great work
of the one great Jedi who cannot be
found due to one incomplete map then
Hans like you got a lot to learn but I
ain't gonna teach you at the end of this
movie I'm collecting my big fat check
and getting up out seriously who
could've just had one line in this whole
damn movie guy mold come on
that would have been hilarious and much
more interesting if I just ran around
the whole damn two hours and 17 minutes
and 57 seconds saying come old come old
got old
tell me dis muhfucka ain't a fan of
Twilight tell me probably got posters a
bell all over his bedroom you know the
reason that mask is burnt ins because he
wasn't a total of a dad he came back
from the stall eventually somewhere on
this planet nobody cares about ray finds
the Skywalker hand-me-down lightsaber
just laying out there for any good a
snatch and she apparently nibbled some
magic mushrooms cuz you don't go crazy
girl soldiers for pink oh then there's a
long fight skipper
if you hold a lightsaber to your face
can't you get a tan I'm just wondering
we ain't getting much Sun these days and
now she's wounded and now here's one we
got thee and now her union of the two
old wrinkled bodies they used to thrash
around together
wait are they divorced bro-bro I had
this kind of girlfriend but she got
these bro and then don't be afraid I
feel it too what kind of perverted
pickup line is death
he sees must have been held a film he
just stand there holding up his hand
while you push all the blood in your
body up into your head looking
constipated in the new Death Star thingy
how is it powered it draws its energy
from that Teletubbies Sun baby all we
have to do is find the magic button
there's the magic button I'll take down
the shield but it's got to be there okay
we get you there
then I'll blow up the big boom-boom ball
I always did hate seeing you leave
because my flat because your kids are
big what can I do to make it up to you
go bring up bashira shine bag telling
Mama's guys that's whoopin lobby muffin
he don't give us be just to leave in a
few minutes and never come back on the
planet that contains the new big
boom-boom weapon han and Finn encounter
that woman I forgot to miss him because
she was in irrelevant and they put her
in something somewhere but who knows
where because she still can irrelevant
then obligatory few fuse and Boom Boom's
while Han and Chewie make their way to
that Twilight loving al James reading
friend of Veda your damn daddy old and
slow you cold-hearted
emo father killing if Leia was there
she'd be like our supplies like Terri
read you got a pot and cause it put your
ice over down but I said put the damn
thing down put the lice over down dammit
oh he stabbed his daddy right through
Teddy I got a pal decisis of my land
Falcon waiting for that hey you can't
fight off this wimp - ain't even got the
cojones to fulfill the mindless deeds of
our stormtrooper this is why you ain't
never gonna be as powerful as da Slater
you know what it took to defeat Darth
Vader obi-wan flip-flopping it's all
over a lava planet why is the
granddaughter of the Palpatine more
powerful than the grandson of the chosen
one because we don't know who this
character the child of yet so they
destabilize the fusion reactor and you
know what they did loosen up they all
escaped somehow and Chewie gets too cold
shoulder then he finds the nearest cliff
and jumps off because he couldn't live
without Han and the last thing anybody
heard was and then you hear a little
splash and not who comes out of his coma
and they piece the map together
you carry dad died so go find Luke take
the chip and a dog and a saber and when
she finds them they just stand there
with Luke looking at like bid if I
wanted that thing out of kept the damn
damned be sure to LIKE share and
subscribe feel regular fix of myth
because I own a little joint allies
never thank you to these wonderful
patrons without whom this channel would
not exist
Mario stock kitten dissing Dan W whiskey
Maria T Michelle W Donna be Michelle see
Roz grieves fat cat Sylvia Davis see
Kelly is car OS Tina D Brian P Bethany
see David M Christine Caine wanna M
chupacabra f1 ha PT FJ melissa s Adrian
P Allison l ma e anonymous BH melon m
and autumn M love you meth my pinch full
movies explain for I'm Jim Jedi died
Paul Bay lay low so Finn Rey PO